README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/61063724?s=200&v=4" width="100px">
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <h1>@soufantech/ephemeral-codes</h1>
  <p>Manages temporary codes for password recovery, user registration and other use cases.</p>
  <p></p>
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">

[![jest-image]][jest-url] [![npm-image]][npm-url] 

</div>

## 💾 Installation:

You can install this package with yarn:

```console
yarn add @soufantech/ephemeral-codes
```

or npm:

```console
npm install @soufantech/ephemeral-codes
```

## 🚴 Usage:

Usage documentation hasn't been provided yet. Please, refer to the tests for usage examples.

## 🔤 API docs:

API documentation hasn't not been provided yet. Please, refer to the source code.

## 🧪 Testing:

1. Copy the contents of the `.env.example` file to an `.env` file in the same directory.
1. Run `docker-compose up` to spin up a redis container.
2. Run `yarn test` (or `npm run test`) to execute the tests.

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>Built with ❤︎ by <a href="http://soufan.com.br">SouFan</a>
</div>

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@soufantech/ephemeral-codes.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@soufantech/ephemeral-codes "npm"

[jest-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/tested_with-jest-99424f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest
[jest-url]: https://github.com/facebook/jest "jest"

Commit message:

docs: include ioredis dependency note

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/61063724?s=200&v=4" width="100px">
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <h1>@soufantech/ephemeral-codes</h1>
  <p>Manages temporary codes for password recovery, user registration and other use cases.</p>
  <p></p>
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">

[![jest-image]][jest-url] [![npm-image]][npm-url] 

</div>

## 💾 Installation:

@soufantech/ephemeral-codes depends on [ioredis](https://github.com/luin/ioredis) version ^4. Be sure to install it if you don't have it already in your project.

You can install this package (and ioredis) with yarn:

```console
yarn add ioredis@^4 @soufantech/ephemeral-codes
```

or npm:

```console
npm install ioredis@^4 @soufantech/ephemeral-codes
```

## 🚴 Usage:

Usage documentation hasn't been provided yet. Please, refer to the tests for usage examples.

## 🔤 API docs:

API documentation hasn't not been provided yet. Please, refer to the source code.

## 🧪 Testing:

1. Copy the contents of the `.env.example` file to an `.env` file in the same directory.
1. Run `docker-compose up` to spin up a redis container.
2. Run `yarn test` (or `npm run test`) to execute the tests.

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>Built with ❤︎ by <a href="http://soufan.com.br">SouFan</a>
</div>

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@soufantech/ephemeral-codes.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@soufantech/ephemeral-codes "npm"

[jest-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/tested_with-jest-99424f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest
[jest-url]: https://github.com/facebook/jest "jest"
